as far as problems you deal with just about anything that you can think
of mainly personnel issues or admin issues I think those are like
the the big ones the third would probably be material with somebody's
things break and you have to establish like a priority and and which
what problems get fixed first and who do you have to fix what problems
manning issues we need these three people to go here but we have
this evolution going on over here this is your problems can range
from I was a personal and with say up of sailors family member you
know hasn't having some issues and you have to literally like you know
stop what you don't want to make sure that they're all focused to
do the job that they're supposed to do as opposed to focus in on what's
going on back home so you have to be well well rounded and well
versed in very patient when it comes to dealing with a multitude of
problems I always tell people to the the the the I have a storm basically
you know stay call thank things through and do not really react
how you feel the most of the time